Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to change uh the water material
color in the engine 5.7.4.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, open the
editor.
Selector new project
selector as template and hit create.
Okay, now go here to file select new
level. Set basic level. Hit create.
Delet this floor. After that, let's
create new landscape
file. Now, uh save current level and hit
save.
Go to edit plugins and enable water
plugin. Water.
Take this and restart it.
Okay, fine. Close this and go here to
content travel.
Go to content, new map.
And let's go right here and search for
water.
Okay, water.
After that, let's search for water body
driver and hit complete. Okay, this is
my water. Okay.
Now the problem is how to change the
color of this uh uh water. To do that we
have to select this water.
Once it's select go here and select this
one and hold down
search for water material. Double click
here in this black point
and go here.
So for
Okay. Normal DT not this.
Okay. Texture
past.
This one global vector per parameter
and this.
Look at this. As you can see the water
color is changed automatically
changes as you want.
Okay. And you can modify
this color and go here for the
change it from here the opacity and
other things. Okay. Thank you guys for
watching. This is all for this tutorial.